football is the war said the general
the two teams are armed to the teeth and compete for glory
each battle raises the dust of emotions
consists in betting without respite or respite to the adversary to recover the
possession of the ball
no price is expected for the initiative of the attack on the opponent
having two peace requirements
an unbreakable fighting spirit
and a perfect preparation
without which
the system irremediably collapses
how to tell the world that this formula also requested seven months
the holland of 1974
is the mold of football show
football was opening commune bread
an incessant suicide attack
an old idea that went around in the minds of many but that only one put it in
march assuming the feet
the whole world enjoys st
despite the offer and a defeat
they say that man who revolutionized football
He was as serious as a sprint
had as its motto
so demanding martial and authoritarian in training
decided the degree of general
marinos yahoo cosmic gentry was born on February 9, 1928 in am
of his father inherited the taste for fire
since he was 12, he wore the shirt of the year
debuted at 18
and he did it scoring five goals of the 121 he scored along 2 169
matches
he was nationally selected five times
at 30 years old
he had to retire from football
a hernia
caused chronic pain in the state
and between digestive rivers soccer in the kingdom of the netherlands was
inconsequential
but in 1964 he came to the bench of dallas migé s was not an empirical
studied physical education
and that concept that he set in motion was a product of what a
old english technician who saw it
to the application of basketball strategies
the development of the youth forces to the councils of stefan kóvacs since the
destiny had put him in his way
to a generation of players that effectively executed the system of
I'm not doing this now
this success
francisco press release we do not calculate
was educated under this philosophy
and he preached with the example
beaches was building that spirit of unwavering struggle and the general was
always aware of the perfect physical preparation arrived by
addition the successes the national championships placed the team the
dispute for the European glasses watered that epic of 1974
the gratitude of an entire nation despite the defeat
has knowledge of the world was imposed
After the arrival of the Dutch to Barcelona
and the consolidation of a style that is still applied today
perfection the eleventh the work
the general had the dream of returning to Amsterdam with something more than
recognition
the new generation of Friday in total football the Euro Cup of 1988
it unleashed the euphoria of the whole country
the beech rinus michels
perhaps what was always in it the troops fired the party was
behind that end that always exists in the world
when starting in practically all Manhattan out of the court the name
of the television network that's why my brothers enjoyed the goal of sharing their
theme gifts
until now
to make it
for that therefore his wife when she died
his heart from old san juan
we had
but he behaved like a father to his boys
always received sincere affection
until it arrived that March 3, 2005
in general
an example of life can be traced behind
beyond being considered the best technical director in the history of
20th century
rinus michels will always be remembered for that smile that can only be achieved with
the fullness